Add endpoints, swagger and Docs (#1)
nymag/agora: README.md

# Agora

> This the project API for products in NY Magazine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the project API for products in NY Magazine.
```

## Tools required
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/).
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).
- Make.
- A [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) database instance to connect.

## Setting up the project
- Open the terminal and `cd` to the project root directory.
- Type `make` and press the `Return` button.

That should install all the project dependencies and initialize the database instance and the products tables with it.

> In the sake of simplicity you can visit the [Adminer instance](http://localhost:9080) for this project and verify the existence of the database, the tables structure and even run some SQL commands there.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion
```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity you can visit the [Adminer instance](http://localhost:9080) for this project and verify the existence of the database, the tables structure and even run some SQL commands there.
```

Also you can go hard and connect directly to the Postgresql container directly and use psql to confirm any database information you may need.

```
docker exec -it agora_postgres_1 bash
```

Followed by
```
psql -U postgres
```
And voilà you are inside the Postgres container and using psql.

## Endpoints

> This API counts with some endpoints from the base url which is http://localhost:9000/api/v1 to interact with between them we have:

Reviewer 2: Small rephrasing
```suggestion
This API has a series of endpoints from the base url which is http://localhost:9000/api/v1 to interact with between them we have:
```

- /product
  - *GET*:
    Display products from the database.

  - *POST*:
    Create a new product in the database.
  
- /product/:id
  - *GET*:
    Display a product based in the product id.

- /docs
  - *GET*:

>     Display a swagger server displaying more information about the API endpoints and also allows to test the API endpoints.

Reviewer 3: 🙌
